hi Claude. Here in /Users/jeff/go/src/github.com/gmofishsauce/SpaceGame
there is a game, implemented as a  single page application, provided
by a small server written in Golang. The server offers  APIs so it
can act as the authoritative source of game information. The SPA
is implemented entirely in JavaScript. In this repo, the code is
authoritative. Specifications are not.

The game is a slow moving model of interstellar warfare with speed
of light delays playing a key role. The intent is that the players
view of the entire star cluster (battle area) is based on the
assumption of actions and state updates that are greatly delayed
when viewed from Sol's frame of reference.  effect. The displayed
state resulting from those actions may be corrected to reality later
when new, lightspeed-delayed information arrives at Sol.

Example: the player, acting at Sol, may send a command to distant
star system S1 to assemble a fleet "S1-2nd fleet" there and may
then issue a second command to send "S1-2nd fleet" to a third star
system S3. The starmap should show an amber arrow for the fleet-assembly
command in-flight, and then a second amber arrow for the motion of
the fleet. But no confirmation from the distant star system has
been received, because of speed of light delay.  If S2 has a comm
laser, it may later turn out that S2 was captured by aliens before
the fleet assembly command could even have been executed. This
information would be shown to the player, correcting the visual
display, when the information arrives at Sol. So there are two
completely distinct game states at every point in time; the state
shown to the player, based on information received at Sol,
and an omniscient view of the real state of all star systems in
their own frames of reference.

I did not appreciate the full complexity of the game implementation
when I began working with Claude in the Sonnet model to implement
the code. So I suspect the implementation is inadequate to meet
the requirements. Please review the code and give me your opinion
about this. In addition, please make architectural level suggestions
about how you would change the code to meet these requirements.

